materializedViewCrons/README.md, before:

# Materialized View Crons

## Requirements

1. psql
2. php-cli (yum install php-cli)

## Running

```
php run.sh
```

Must be run as a privileged user in the postgres database. That same user must have write privilages on the directory that contains `run.php`.
For example, should be run as the user `postgres` from the same server hosting the database.
The following rules in /var/lib/pghba.conf is needd to allow a local user to access the DB without a password: 
```
# TYPE  DATABASE    USER        CIDR-ADDRESS          METHOD

# "local" is for Unix domain socket connections only
local   all         all                              ident 
# IPv4 local connections:
host    all         all         127.0.0.1/32          ident

```

## Cron
The run.php script is designed to be run by a cron. Currently the script can be run once per hour.
It takes less than three minutes for the script to complete.

### Example cron job specification:
0 * * * * php /coins/db_crons/materializedViewCrons/run.php

## About
The main entry point is `run.php`. It is written in PHP for increased readability and error-handling over bash.
`run.php` first attempts to acquire a lock, then executes the shell scripts in the `tasks` directory synchronously and in series.
If any errors are encountered, it will email the administrators defined in `run.php`, then re-throw the error.
Whether running to completion, or exiting with an error, `run.php` will release its lock. 

The lock is to ensure that `run.php` and any of the scripts it calls are not run in parallel.
This is especially important because it is called from a cron every hour.

Commit message:

updated readme with debug info

materializedViewCrons/README.md, after:

# Materialized View Crons

## Requirements

1. psql
2. php-cli (yum install php-cli)

## Running

```
php run.sh
```

Must be run as a privileged user in the postgres database. That same user must have write privilages on the directory that contains `run.php`.
For example, should be run as the user `postgres` from the same server hosting the database.
The following rules in /var/lib/pghba.conf is needd to allow a local user to access the DB without a password: 
```
# TYPE  DATABASE    USER        CIDR-ADDRESS          METHOD

# "local" is for Unix domain socket connections only
local   all         all                              ident 
# IPv4 local connections:
host    all         all         127.0.0.1/32          ident

```

### Debug mode
By default, all output is sent to the system logs (`/var/log/messages`).
It is also possible to direct output to stdout instead of to the system logs by typing `debug` after run.sh:
```
php run.sh debug
```

## Cron
The run.php script is designed to be run by a cron. Currently the script can be run once per hour.
It takes less than three minutes for the script to complete.

### Example cron job specification:
0 * * * * php /coins/db_crons/materializedViewCrons/run.php

## About
The main entry point is `run.php`. It is written in PHP for increased readability and error-handling over bash.
`run.php` first attempts to acquire a lock, then executes the shell scripts in the `tasks` directory synchronously and in series.
If any errors are encountered, it will email the administrators defined in `run.php`, then re-throw the error.
Whether running to completion, or exiting with an error, `run.php` will release its lock. 

The lock is to ensure that `run.php` and any of the scripts it calls are not run in parallel.
This is especially important because it is called from a cron every hour.
